## Space Invaders
This repo contains the classic game Space Invaders. Use the left and right arrow keys to move your spaceship and the spacebar to fire at the aliens. After the seed prompts, I extended the game by restyling the aliens and the player's ship from rectangles to more accurate depictions of the objects they represent. I also added logic to decrease player lives when aliens get to the bottom of the screen, ensuring the game always gets to an end state. I added the "Tripe Shot" powerup. When collected, this powerup enables the player to fire three bullets at a time for the rest of the game. Additonally, I added a high score screen that keeps track of the users high score. It also serves as the start screen for the game.

This codebase is broken up into three main files and a file for tests. The three main files are GameModel.java, GameView.java, and GameController.java. GameModel.java is responsible for storing the game logic and game state. GameModel.java draws the screen and is responsible for the UI that the user sees. GameController.java has the main method for the game and coordinates everything in the program. It takes user input, such as pressing the Enter key, and turns that into an action that happens in the program, such as starting the game. The tests file has 6 tests written in Java.

In this project, I learned that AI is good at adding documentation to its code, which often makes it easier for me to review. I reinforced the learnings from last project that specifics are super important for creating good prompts, as a lack of specific often resulted in bad code and including specifics resulted in exactly what I wanted most of the time. Addtionally, I learned about the MVC architecture and how it can be used to separate the concerns of data and logic, UI, and coordination with user input into separate files.